Another useful case for https in development (#8363)
facebook/create-react-app: docusaurus/docs/using-https-in-development.md

You may require the dev server to serve pages over HTTPS. One particular case where this could be useful is when using [the "proxy" feature](proxying-api-requests-in-development.md) to proxy requests to an API server when that API server is itself serving HTTPS.

> Another case is when connecting with secure websockets `wss` to a backend. Doing so from a non HTTPS page may slow down considerably the requests and consequently the development process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Another case is when connecting with secure websockets (aka `wss` - WebSocket Secure) to a backend. Doing so from a non-HTTPS page may slow down requests considerably, slowing down the whole development process.
```

Just rephrased this to make it a little clearer!
